res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 4/Neon
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 4/Estrellas
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 4/Dorado
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 4/Cristal
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 4/Arcoiris
res://Save
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 3/Moño
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 3/Lentes
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 3/Hipster
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 3/Girly
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 3/Bufanda
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 2/Siamés
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 2/Persa
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 2/Egipcio
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 2/Cálico
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 2/Tabby
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 1/Café
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 1/Negro
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 1/Gris
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 1/Blanco
res://Michis/Assets/Categoría 1/Naranja
res://GUI/Scripts
